[Music] very good my dear lovers of the heart how are you finally Rocío
Flores has spoken out loud and concisely
about Anamaría's controversial nickname, The
Don is a survivor. You already know that Alba
Carrillo
highlighted that she heard them calling her
the whip and she laughed in Lana
María's face. The Don is well, we have been
talking about it live. You wanted to contradict me, I
wanted to and
go around in circles on the matter but if they
told her, now
the intention, the context, was still up in the air, whether it was a
one-off or something that was already being called
private. And she has already clarified it and from
what it seems she is very calm and on
Saturday someone will have to confirm that
this is so and maybe it will be worse
another third person who is neither Rocío
Flores nor Gloria Camila. The fact is that
the nickname was given to her, The Survivor.
And well, it is just things of living together
that she had with boredom as well.
Apparently, as Jorge also explained
last night, it was like Ana María
started to rummage through the garbage. I don't
understand what  trash doesn't have
but well something like that is how she said I didn't
want to put to look to see what could
pineda around there or whatever and then and
not without flowers and salvation given the
looks we were wearing I took them out because of the
looks she was wearing not the role and they
put the sting on her they put
things on her but well a joke that
was not in a derogatory tone that was not with
bad intentions and also she clarifies that she is
not going to have the nerve to
tell him to his face and that Ana
María well not only reproach herself okay
so well I sincerely believe her I
believe her because they also asked her
who gave her the nickname and she said I don't
know you know that he was born and since in the
air as if it could have been Avilés
this will surely be clarified on Saturday and
well then what has it been well it has been up to
family up to here the issue of the
chufa or that but we will see each other in
the next video a hug
[Music]